[Music]
[Applause]
I who thought I was meant to be loving no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any corner
I who thought I was meant to be loving it was just a
game but I look at you and I'm dying to have
you
next to me I
will invest my life nor
give you any hope and I
[Music] I
will win the game the time that was
lost
and I ask Every day that you made me my Lía
until the last kiss that says goodbye to this
life and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have
you in front of me
[Music]
if the world separates I will stay with you
if tomorrow doesn't dawn I will stay with you if
you want me to stay I will stay with you
[Music]
that things matter to me and when I
smile I turn around and I am with you with
you I
will invest my life my hope art
[Music] I will
not play the game the time that was
lost
[Music]
and I ask Every day that you take my Lía until
the last kiss that breathes this way and I
ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me
[Music] I
will pour my life nor
excite you and I
[Music]
the departure the time that was lost
and I ask Every day that your soul be my day
Until the last kiss that says goodbye to this
road And I ask every day to always be able to love you
Waiting for the moment to have you I
family Good night Today was very late my
live with Marina was
delayed Everything was delayed for me
A meeting I had in the afternoon and evening
was delayed It was really delayed yours just
scared me her I don't say no it's not
included it's not in the schedule it just got
delayed okay my
live just got delayed today we
started very late I'm going to give the
news and I have to go soon
because tomorrow I have to get the car
serviced so that we can
go smoothly on the
road okay I have to do a
little old man this week Hey how are you
guys how are you I'm going to get straight to the
point eh I'm going to get straight to the point
Javi a curious fact have you seen who
appears in
Juanjo's two most popular live shows if that's true  you come out
Ah seriously Ah I didn't know Yeah let's see I had
n't seen it but leave it now let's see
leave it now if let's see let's give it fame
to us, I
mean let's give it shape or I see
that you're here today I see that a
video has been uploaded to the salsería quite powerful
look at it
to the salsería quite powerful a little
video today let's see do
n't pay attention to it I mean really getting
popular the two
yes it's true
the two most popular live shows on his
channel
are with me No let's see
bombshells about Rocío
Flores' sentence that's a reaction to a video of
mine that's a reaction to a video of mine
and the other the interview with Antonio
David yes yes I mean he
owes me his two he owes me his two
most viewed live shows but oh well don't pay attention to him
investigator Thank you very much Rey
Marina anal incredible I hope one day he
also comes to telesalseo to chavalería
you guys tell him you guys tell him and you'll see
if he's up for it or not he signs up for a
bombshell
I've been up all night with three salseo and tomorrow I'll get up early, wow,
tomorrow I don't have it I can't
get up very late let's see I don't
have to either  get up early but I can't
get up too late because I have to
take the car to get it checked out to buy you
a sandwich no [ __ ] I have to have
dinner uh I haven't had
dinner yet Javi you look tired yes there
was a little family problem okay I'm not going to
tell you because you know that I don't talk about
things in my private life but
there was a little family problem serious seriously serious seriously so there's concern apparently everything went well but well there's concern the scare or rather the scare the scare has been and apart from that well I have things this week that they're also throwing at me with my head
somewhere else and even so here we are working
but let's not make a mistake with Marina
's name Agustín 55 Let's
see nothing's happening
Oh I already have the closet open no and you can
see all the boots there on the floor it doesn't
matter I'm not going to get up now to
close the closet or if I close it the
data it's hot in Chile I hope everything
goes well Yeah man I think so I think I think
that everything is fine everything is fine I think that everything is
going to go well it's just
little things that are coming one thing and
another little thing and  let's see it's complicated but I
think it's going to turn out well
Javi brings a guest to the kids Yeah
man it's true I have to bring guests
and exclusives to the kids also
interviews okay close it man come on go if you get
everything I'll close it
if you get it Toc I'll close it
Yeah man I have to bring guests to the
kids also like let's see if I
tell someone let's see it's that I'm also
waiting for the issue of the
Squid Games I don't know if I'm
invited or not they
sent me the form but it hasn't even been
confirmed who yes who no
[Music]
sent a date to count on that date
they scammed when trying and that what happened to him
What happened to him he
was in good las bambas
How fussy the kids are have you
seen surely he had the closet
open in telesalseo too No well if it
was open here because it was good
Ah no because I took the dog out and I was
like bombs
the kids are more of a debate let's see The thing
here is that here the thing is that
normally they don't usually want to let's see
there are people who do accept interviews there are
many people who do this interview
but since it's a channel that speaks
against other channels and such, well, how do you
know, what a
tremendous sweatshirt, dude? Thanks man,
if I'm telling you the truth. Look, I was in a
meeting and I was already late
to Marina's and I had to put on
a sweatshirt, I'm so fed up with pajamas and I'm
in pajamas, okay, thank you very much, and it's an
old sweatshirt, also, uh, it's an
old sweatshirt, I don't even know where it's from, I
think it's something from the pool Bear pubir. Let's
see, family, I'm going to give the news
today and I have to go rest, okay.
So I count on all your support, I
count on all your likes, I count on
all your subscriptions, and I count on whatever you want, I
mean, in
reality, I don't count on anything. It turns out
that today Nilo was live.
You know that neither the ages are making
very nice content nor have I given them
lately, I
mean, really neither the ages are
making very, very, very nice content, I
don't follow much YouTube content in the
sense that I don't have time, okay, and
when I am watching things it's usually because of
some controversy or work, but
here I am on some occasion while I was
eating or whatever  I've
created some Nilojeda videos that I've
put up and they've hooked me, man, on
this new secondary channel that he
opened where he uploads pieces of live footage,
extracts of edited live footage, he
uploads it edited and he's making some
really cool content Electric Thank you so much
man for your support Thank you so much
for that 10 subscriptions man I'd
like to make an aside before
continuing with the topic to see how many
members we are, do
you think it's okay if we see How many members we
are,
this channel is moving quite a bit
in fact so far this month so far this
month in these 89 days It's been more than me
telling you about it, I'm telling you about it, it was
coming on really strong but this channel is
also taking off really powerful
lately
2026 members
Wow
2026 members in Javier
really brutal I hope we can get back to
touching three thousand members again
they can take it out of context No I hope I
can play I hope I hope no I hope I can
touch three thousand members
at least touch them no  and then if
not then nothing no whatever we're not going to
see Nilo Ojeda's thing we're going to see
Nilo Ojeda's thing
but I think they said Now delighted
What happened
once you're on the other side
well you've crossed the Matrix
where are we going on a trip
León León León but there with the cathedral
my family is from León
electrix has given away another 10 members or
smoke me a joint
I've smoked a joint
Okay more electrics
to heaven with you Electric to heaven
with you King Thank you very much It's that I
was here looking at this and I was a
little I say Well I've smoked something no 20
members nothing more initial direct with
800 spectators Here it's very good I mean it
's almost 10% of the
spectators that we have no a hug and thank you
very much let's see the kids
have located where they are and the eda and
werly doing the irl and nothing they are there
but not to say hello but apparently
now they follow him I mean they
start following him
everywhere he even takes a taxi and everything to
lose sight of him and the  Kids
follow him everywhere, they're
very expensive. The
monkeys in Gibraltar are very expensive. Let's
see, it's not that they're very expensive, it's that they have to
kick somewhere, I don't
remember, I don't remember. I know I had
Electric. Thank you very much, man.
I was gone for two weeks and all the
[ __ ] went away. My dog ​​passed away. I'm so sorry,
man. I didn't expect you
to put that there, [ __ ]. I'm
so sorry, man. I'm so
sorry, and thank you so much
for the members, man. What a shame, man. I
understand you, I understand you very much. I don't [ __ ] with you. I'm going to be
upset. I remember
when Tyrion got sick, when they
told me about the illness and we had to
cooperate. And that. And how bad it feels. I'm
so sorry, king. I share your
feelings. And the whole chat too.
Obviously, we're going after someone, he's
a Chalán, leaving a little
space. [
Music] Let's
see, tell me, they
're very expensive, obviously.
[Laughter]
[Music]
If I see him less than two meters away.
Because
if he's already left, I've already greeted him and all. Let's
see the extreme trips
once here.
[Music] I've
done a beautiful half
something that we've done nothing to you
[Music]
how are we going to find someone who
wants to come on a trip you want to come on a
trip we'll
see each other
live I must stop because of the wind I
have to leave it
doing irl that's what it is man you take a
chance on this man
the [ __ ] and the balls are going to come man
leave us alone son of a [ __ ] is
busy
or whatever but they're going there more and more are
joining
Yeah you
would do everything irl I've done electris another 10
Electric you don't need to give so much King
a huge hug brutal man Electric
Thank you so much King Thank you
so much man Thank you so much for the support
brutal man [ __ ] we just started the
live
30 members brutal man Hey we're on our way to
3000 family members I've already
done and rl many times but many
times especially on TVs at Seo
one fits a dick
Hello good
we're going to retire please
[Applause] Thank
you very much
No nothing Thank you how it smelled I mean they
actually took a taxi  to the airport
Although I said in the retreat to
throw off the scent there
are no real taxis man it
seems we're arriving they're here right now they're going to
come but it's
better something
Oh friend
[Music]
the plane There's a problem you
knew them before
[Music]
on Instagram and we'll leave you alone
[ __ ]
now yes I do
n't recommend that you follow us anymore
because in the end the joke is going to be heavy you
know and no it's not going to pay off I
recommend it to you too
Javi did you want it I don't know the truth I don't
know Hi Javi I've been subscribed for almost two years
and I'd like to thank you for
your work Greetings there's nothing to thank
here we're all as a family hanging out
no I don't know what I would do honestly I haven't
seen myself the situation is very
overwhelming this eh It's
overwhelming me I'm not there I
mean what do I do dude I mean aren't you seeing how
annoying let's
continue
Hi we're high
we're high we're going to follow you
we're high
[Music]
but there's anxiety totally yes it gives me
anxiety
we arrive where are we going kids Barcelona
have gone to the airport and have
introduced themselves  also at the airport
very strong guy
Barcelona
[Music]
another thing like that let's go to the area over there
because if we don't
do it What do we do to the
ducks Chad
[Laughs]
I need a photo of everyone's ID,
dude
tomorrow we'll see each other at the airport again tomorrow we'll
see each other at the airport
again you can't save yourself from me
drinking a lot smoking a lot and [ __ ] a lot
too
now in 5 minutes come back
where are you going to
see you send him to take a piss and
also the manners being live
whatever I think eh I don't know the truth
look so late
in real life
[Laughs]
come on if they already appear there he bought
a flight
[Music]
You know that tomorrow he's going to be here when
we get back that I think if he is it's a
dessert and I put This is the
biggest [ __ ] I've ever met or like a
couple tomorrow also there
and now to call the police let's see let's
see what I said
Juan about the subject
Juan has started to react to the subject
Well let's catch one that doesn't turn
right here but goes that way
Well let's follow you we're
going to follow you  let's
continue eh
I'll shut up I'll shut up I'll shut up
I'm going to shut up I'm going to shut up It's better if I shut up
Hi, we're high, I
better shut up, man, I better shut up
[Music]
or on top of that, playing, I can't do
that, I can't what's
going on what's going on I'm going to reel I can't do it no no
I don't have patience for these
things, you have zero patience what's going on what's going on what's going on You have to have
immense patience for this
because there are a lot of retards there are a lot of brats and you have to have a
lot of patience you have to have a lot of patience man Because
you, I'm telling you, I mean, you start
out on the street and you start doing
anything really and any kid,
any girl
and who feels like messing around and
any kid because it's very easy,
unfortunately, in many situations, to touch, I
mean, to walk on the edge of testing a
person, you know because your solution,
what did you think it would be? To call the
police in that case, do you really believe? Do you really believe,
in a real way, that
you call the police, you are the police
that they are some kids doing a
live show?  on Twitch
[ __ ] the [ __ ] [ __ ] is eh And you say Hey
look there's a person harassing me that
person is a minor there's a person
giving me something because he's following me
etcetera etcetera You think that this is going
somewhere unfortunately I mean
because I think not unfortunately I
think not that no that it's not going
anywhere and I imagine it man and also You keep in
mind that what this does to
you is interrupt your work in a
sharp way if you're doing something nonsense
because you want to do something specific and there's
someone who comes You already have to
stop everything there are countries where This
is very serious eh There are countries where This
is very serious the harassment or I mean the issue there are
countries where This would do something
the bad policy to leave look at him
following me and he says he's not going to
stop following me that I told him to
leave me alone I mean I'm not
joking or asking my
followers to follow me on the street or
anything like that I mean he's
not letting me And yes they do And yes What do they do there are
countries that the issue  of harassment is very
serious
France for example I don't know in France
but I know which countries like Asia yes eh you
are doing and dedicating time to
a person's personal space or rather
something that you go hostianilo Ojeda
my youtuber there and maybe it's logical
that maybe a kid who stops by to see him
understands me even that I say hello
okay but since you chase to the level that he
took two chassis and appeared
there man the truth is that I already
think that the first taxi the first taxi
was already an exaggerated thing already two I won't even
tell you no And on top of that it happens to you he bothers you
while you're working
[Music]
and I Juan is Javi's neighbor No and I Juan
is from Malaga what we went to live I do
n't know if he went to live in Madrid or
Malaga time for that for the
police to come But so that you understand me from those who are
from around there Thank you very much A
kiss queen so that you understand me
whatever from outside of Spain and I played from the
same region as me that's why I accentuate it not because of that they
ask it not because of the issue that
we speak differently  no Or peculiar not
to the rest of the Spanish No obviously
the police try not to record the note I
don't know what good can record it on the
street No that I don't think
nothing happens but well anyway stopping him
talks to the police and having to give data
knows having to mute the live maybe
having to cut it is that you just
cut the entire live is that
man I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] really It's that what
does is that a slap
nothing happens not in this situation I know
that I don't have to say this man
because it's wrong and a lot of people see me and
responsibility and whatever you want but
man it is It's really what I think When
someone is going to touch you so much the type of so much so much so much
man
brother because we are like that as
human beings man because we are like that why Because
when you reach a limit the
first resource in which you think to see
a slap does not happen it depends
How many hours pass it depends eh I don't know
at what moment he saw that a slap
Nothing happens let's see let me see something it
is a violent crime
with damage or bodily injuries
they are criminal records they are
records okay it depends on the damage
that  do it okay but they are criminal records
man
6 to 12 months are criminal records and fines
if you want to have that on your record
then nothing happens of course
a slap 200 euros
fine maybe it is 200 euros
but the worst is the
criminal record and if you have something more or
whatever because I imagine that a person
who slaps another will not be
the first slap they give no
I would prefer not to advise or that you do that
never eh never unless
unless I'm
defining your family wtf Yeah
control for a minute face rolling
with laughter
even if they continue like that That has to be
seen in each trial each
case a world Okay but it's never a
solution an aggression I mean what the [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] you can't go to the United
States for a while but it's not going to the
United States is
that counts on your record dude I do
n't know That's Boom I mean it's the first Ah
but it's that this is not the strong clip
year suddenly there
is no problem for these
things dude roll comes to you  kid, I'm
asking you for a photo and what? So there's no
problem at all, on the contrary,
actually, it
's cool, man, that people show you
affection like that. Oh look, oh okay, they're
behind me. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Ah
okay, where are they?
Ah okay? Yes, of course they followed them
to the airport,
you helped us Heidi.
Just going out
to see. The only solution to this
is at this level of fame and
recognition and such on Twitch on
YouTube, you can't do it in Spain and that's it, there's no more to it, there's no
more
mystery to it, you can't, I don't know, have the
patience that this kid has, I
don't really understand what he's
made of, nor Ojeda. I don't understand it, he's getting too close to it. It's just that
here in Spain, unless you're
in a certain area, you know what I'm saying, but in
Madrid, you just ca
n't do it. Look at what happened
to Celine, do you remember?
Look at what happened to Selin, do you
remember? What's up? I understand that you can't
do it or bring a security guard
too, man, but I don't know, isn't that weird,
man? It doesn't have to be that weird.
Think about it, going out to do it.  an irl like he's
done the last three years maybe and
but now the difference is that
a gorilla has to come with you, I mean a
gorilla I understand you, it's not that they are also
called not
a safe a closet you know two meters
with you and have
you found some kid like Javi
who yells at you or something who yells at you like
well yes
I do Yes many many people
always like well I've never had
any bad experience but not having it
I hope and I mean it's not just going on alone anymore, he understands me You
go with someone who
is with you and how good the
boss ends up Thank you very much
but the worst thing is that I think it was
noticeable See you tomorrow eh I think
a person who is not I think that I think it is
noticeable See you
tomorrow there eh what do we do to the
ducks that I didn't even focus on them It's that this
is what they are looking for man
[Laughter]
[Music] I
understand them because they are
this is a positive stimulus for these
kids you know this is a positive stimulus
that you say we invite them to dinner
Stream of joke and he smells it and I say yes I'll
do you  a jerk off too that's a
joke a joke they don't take that
as something cool like look we're
getting along with them we are no no
here you have to put on a disgusted face
agree with Juan and that's it and that's it you have to
put on a [ __ ] disgusted face you know and
if he gets too close to you and all that don't even
touch me it's like don't even touch me
but I understand that they don't want any bad
vibes and I understand that you when you're
live you don't want that bad vibes man you
're live you're with your people in
the chat Chatting it's that it already cuts you
off apart from that I don't know if it happens to you
but what happens to me is that if you
cut me off in the middle of the live stream I ca
n't change my face I mean it's
very complicated I try in fact
many times maybe those of us who are
dedicated to this many
times maybe we have
personal things in life problems or whatever that maybe it's
not your day it's not your
best day and then you come here and you play your
role no and you do your job not as a
professional but a situation like that on the
street in the  that they've cut you off you
had to put in a you know something
like that a cut or whatever someone like
Juan is saying No in fact don't even
touch me or whatever I don't know if I would already be
pending I would already have my head on that you
know I wouldn't be comfortable quietly
and you don't want anyone to come and touch your
dick but I think yes of course the chat
Obviously
a hate that you [ __ ] Obviously what I
want to say is that it is not possible when you
can behave like that you know
that I tell you the problem is not in going
and knowing where it is or asking them for a photo
you are in irrele and you expose yourself to that to
what you would not expose yourself to being harassed how
embarrassing It's that I think there is a
pretty big difference that you are
doing a live for the retreat in
Madrid and someone knows that you are in
Madrid and approaches the retreat to ask you for
a photo Nothing happens
absolutely nothing or rather zero problems it
is the most normal thing in the world now that
the retreat is approaching and if I move to I don't know
where it comes behind And if I have been there for an hour
such and such it comes behind And if I take a [ __ ] taxi
It's that one is already too much but two
taxis I go  to the airport take the other
taxi come to the airport man there I might feel like it you
know what I'm telling you There
I might get a little more nervous
[Music]
God What a [ __ ] mongoose bro What a [ __ ]
mongoose Holy God of my life How
can you be so mongoose man I mean Wesley can
you imagine what a [ __ ] mongoose man
Holy God people are [ __ ] but at a level damn
shitty generation the one you're
going through now man I
think he could have spent his whole life
eh I don't think he's from that generation that's why
man I don't know I don't really know
where he gets the patience from I do
n't know I don't
understand man I don't understand I don't
really understand the thing jalapeño doesn't
realize that in the end after
all you are normal people who do
your job and you live your life it doesn't make
any sense what
some people do to get attention there will always
be people like that it's pathetic but in the
end the least he expects is that it
comes to violence with them no no no no no no
violence at all
solve it for nothing that you feel like
obviously obviously
when you as a person are
pulled by the rope to a point
where they already touch a limit
you get turned on like any
human being there are people who have the longest rope
and people who have the
shortest rope they don't even have them they have the
extremely long rope and I mean the
dick has it very very very very very very very
long I think you have to
come on now you have to touch his dick they don't
even have them to make him want to
slap you there are other people who
have a much shorter rope they have a
very short fuse and at the slightest thing what about
those are [ __ ] just as
[ __ ] what you have a very
short fuse and at the slightest thing such I'm
[ __ ] broken But there are times I was
going to say something but I had
kept quiet okay it was a custom to
go around screwing people for views
for viruses but yes The kid isn't
doing it not even for Views or anything The kid
didn't have it the kid is doing it out of
little attention not that I understand why
people get it  you win in this situation
dude You're walking down the street recording and there's
a kid no I didn't mean it for nothing
eh Let's see I was saying it for some friend he
has
messing around I'm going to follow you and he stands
next to you looking at the chat as if he
were with you and he grabs you and grabs you
from the man as if he were Your friend and
above all that dude that they invade your
personal space your vital space you know
where you are breathing And that they
touch you No that how is it going to be less that you feel like
saying it's
not like I want to mess things up but don't
touch me no no I didn't mean I'm not going to get into
that there's a legal issue involved Don't even think about
touching me don't touch me I don't know
who the [ __ ] you are I don't know you and I'm feeling like
slapping you So
get over there
And stop with the [ __ ] nonsense
and get away from me At least five
meters or Here we're going to have a problem
not of violence because I'm not going to do
anything but I'm going to find a way for
you to go [ __ ] yourself very easily and it's
normal it's normal they do that to you  on
the street And how many people have you guys I mean
imagine if he doesn't even
give him a follow
to get rid of him you know
if he had given him a follow or not
people would have already found him and they
would have done almost everything he would have already
gained followers and they do
that very frequently and he suffered harassment on
the street I understand that for the most part
unfortunately not this can also be
said by some girls that they start
following you [ __ ] like this is
a harmless thing he's a 14
year old boy nothing serious is going to happen to you you know he's
not going to come after you he's going to poke you I'm
not going after you he's going to rob you he's not
going to do anything to you he just wants to be an [ __ ]
but he's touching my dick anyway I would have
liked to see Juan also
condemning other things that can't be
done but oh well I totally
agree with everything he said
obviously it seems crazy to me what
happened to him not even the guys if I were
him I would go crazy not doing it
or at least doing it in
such central places you know what I mean or  I mean, it's just
that I always see Annielos, his age,
doing it and RL in Callao on Gran Vía, and
it's like, man, they're super well-known areas. I'm
sure that if you go to a neighborhood in
Madrid, even if the neighborhood is well-known,
in the end, those from Madrid will
know more or less where
it is. There are sure to be areas that aren't as recognizable. You understand, I don't know if it's worse because maybe there are fewer people. What a nice jacket, Javi, you're all telling me that today, and let's say a jacket that I have there to take the dog out and for four things in another order of things, and I think it's the
most important topic today. I think it
is the most important topic today. Let's
go to
[Music]. I do
n't know if you know, but they have
definitely expelled today. It seems that
the
expulsion of the three kids who
were chosen in Koi has already been definitively communicated. What
surprised me is that it took them so long
to make that decision. I think that I think it
was. I thought it was
confirmed from day one. I'm
surprised that it took so long. I
thought it was confirmed from
day one.
But well, apparently.  they have
confirmed it today today it was announced the
inclusion of three new
koi creators who will live in a house with skyne
who will be pausen
pausain
siro and mailén
seriously or seriously I'm
going to put the presentation video
and let's see one thing okay look
Hi, I'm skyne and I'm here to introduce you to
this house valued at 85 and a
half million euros located in Catalonia in
a very very quiet area with a lot of
greenery and what's happening is it a lie no 85
million you can't there can't be an 85
million house there is no such thing as an
85 million euro house
Well here live people By the way I
forgot to tell you some incredible people very
nice now you'll meet them in a bit what I
'm telling you an incredible area
with a lot of nature But anyway I'm going to
make you wait much longer today at Coy
inmobiliarias I'm going to introduce you to this house
let's see it join me
[Music]
let's move on to the first area of ​​the
house which will be the kitchen forward
Here we have one of the tenants they are
very nice incredible people you'll
meet them in a bit and Well but I
was commenting on the first area the  kitchen
with incredible finishes very very modern
light tones that make the
natural lighting that enters so that
this is an incredible environment a
kitchen in which you want to be you
can
we are located in one of the
rooms on the main floor
all rooms are equipped
with a very spacious dressing room that you can
put almost anything
and they are also equipped with a bathroom
with a very modern design
of the house And finally we are going to proceed
and I had a house that I was renovating
that I don't know if it was for an issue that maybe it
was for another issue and in the end the
employee in this to the living room the first thing
that is going to stand out is going to be the
walls if it can cost if it is a
powerful area if it can cost a million or two
tanks that accompany us throughout the
journey and also the natural light that
enters from the two windows you
are not Korean real estate no no no no no
In fact We are the new house of
streamers
Okay so this girl
this girl We are the new house of koe if I'm
not mistaken let's see
mailén No
maybe I'm wrong maybe I'm
wrong
this girl sent me this tweet
okay look
man let's see
personally
personally you are going to  forgive me and I'm
going to put it on Twitter
okay in case she deletes it personally that they
click on a girl
who had all the art and all the charisma
that they click on the girl who had all the
art and all the charisma
and now they put one that tells you this or
rather this is fine
you guys think I'm exaggerating Juan
Thank you so much King my goodness what's
wrong with you today
what's wrong with you today you're crazy today
Thank you so much how strong my friend
man let's see what kick in the mouth has a
name
and he thinks this is fine it's
over and he thinks this is fine are you
going to excuse me eh Are you going to
excuse me but the other girl said that she would
[ __ ] Carola to me it
seems better to make love than war
Look for Dallas never fails it's
irrefutable what happened with Dallas
eh nothing this girl I think was
Revenant's girlfriend or Reven Reven or
Revenant Doom Revenant was
how pathetic and violent what that girl did
man let's see are you going to forgive me but I'm
personally going to tweet it okay
because it's that I  it seems very bad what the
other kids did
personally it seems terrible to me that they kicked
out the other kids
personally
where did she put the screenshot desktop they won't even
read you Javi mailén is
Ciro's girlfriend and this kid is a friend of the
million the million made him known
playing LoL with him I think that
revenant's girlfriend believed that revenant's girlfriend
but man let's see the truth
my son what a cloth the selection who
chooses I mean they kicked out the other three
and they put in three by fingers not in the end I
mean they kicked out another three
for likes and for a twist of the [ __ ] [ __ ]
from a decade ago almost some don't
dance she is a very close friend Abi Yaya so
yes there she came out to defend her not to
tell me They should
kick me in the mouth no it
has nothing to do with how it was going man
balls let's see it no let's
see what each one and his grandmother put
Isabella Isabella Isabella I
am not in coi it is a decision that
they have communicated to me today I am overwhelmed with
emotions of sadness and anger but above
all of disappointment disappointment towards me
towards  my environment and to you I
write with my hand on my heart as I
always have it's not fair let's see
this girl it seems to me
that in the end from what they had
told me about her in the role and such
apparently she has had episodes that I would not have liked either
okay But well in the
end each of us has none of us are
perfect surely they can take things from me
that are cancelable or that have been
unfortunate but Man That that
lady
what a kick in the mouth she has Ah how cool I
mean you compare me or I mean put to
kick out this girl who had this girl
to get kicked out what did
this girl have to get kicked out
man FJ that they had to
give you the member it's worth it to you that there
are still more zapanas who come to
tell me that I paid you five euros per
video that you said it in a live
And it's from just a while ago that tweet
Thank you very much Electric I think it
was Electric no Or who was it
man man what this girl
said was that she would let
Carola [ __ ] her or something to say or that she would let herself be
kidnapped we all understand the
joke understand me
Electric Thank you so much Rey I have no
words today to thank you
no with Paula we didn't end badly
Who says that I
had the train today to go back to Madrid
but I can't I'm staying here in Seville
with my family going through all this I love you
so much I'm my most beautiful Pilar but
right now I'm devastated It's that look at
you no
that the girl has
taken it the whole family knows there is
an event there has been a
celebration all of which seems
tremendously wrong to me on Koi's part I mean it
seems terrible to me on Coi's part Oh this
no This is for gossip TV This yes tití
how ugly how
ugly man how ugly that Juan Cervantes
other five members but you're pissed I mean you
know pissed electricú How many
members does each of those have
pissed they have pissed Thank you so
much Juan and Electric both of you Thank you so much
leave it now eh That's enough
This guy were tweets of the year of the
Polka eh I mean this guy had
gotten likes and retweets of the year of the
Polka man and you have asked me both
privately and  streaming that
in the end what happens with coi are you going to be
part of koi as a
content creator and I can finally give you a
totally clear answer and in the end
effectively
And then and then they invite chocas to the
events and then they invite choca I mean it
seems to me okay it seems valid that you don't
want to have these people on your team
perfect I don't see it as perfect because they are
old things you can't play a
person for what they did a
decade ago okay I mean you can criticize it
yes you can criticize it for example
wismichu
okay the censor the one who scores a strike no he
scored a strike on me this summer And I
realized the other day chava chava dude I
mean crazy today What's up tesa How many
members today new among all of them
my goodness
But you mentioned that you would also
expel that one in your reaction to this
because there was something else crazier newer I
mean let's see winmichu wismichu
started in 2019 in 2018 to give
people lessons when there were tweets that were
from a year ago two years ago some from three
but like 60 members I'm not going  I mean but but
I wouldn't judge either it's that
I am from wismichu they were very
beasts they were very very crazy it wasn't
just a thing of the time it was very very very
wild the Twins
is the ex of revenant
But well what I was going to tell you okay
with so many gifts today we reach 3000
man 3000 is crazy there aren't
many people here today to reach
3000 to reach 3000 you would have to
give away three members each two or
three members each of you who are
here
members and members And grandpa doesn't
do anything extensible or Lego he just gets tired and
throws himself away I'm like Auron I don't
do a two hour live and I say I'm
tired No lie lie eh kids You
can't say that about me because I'm
working 24 hours almost
no dude So you cancel these
tweets okay it seems fine to me that you don't
want to hire someone for the
likes and retweets from 2015 okay
perfect but man Then don't
involve me in choca at your events
a summer ago he
was saying that he has a friend who
is the [ __ ] crack and the [ __ ] boss because he
dedicated himself to taking drunk girls and
flirting man not sea part of coi as a
content creator they
let me know this morning
they told me this morning and I also
needed or I saw myself in the quote
unquote obligation to record a video
like this to let you know
because in the end it was a tweet I saw it very
cold
because there are also many of you who
have supported me since the possible announcement you have
supported me a lot and I saw myself a
little indebted And maybe Thank you very much from
Well let's see what you're telling me to
look at my tweet because
wait I'm going to look at it myself first
in case you have put a
dick on me It's that
here of course Let's
see there are no dicks there is no
dick okay let's see It turns me on
Christopher in fact Dallas already
destroyed it let's see he
says it would piss me off if the revenant
told me about you that you tried to get back with
him twice and that when you found out that he
was with someone else you started to
frost him to that point of little dignity  she
comes from being
desperate for a guy lol And
then he laughs at you for leaving you, I mean, the
revenal told this to Dallas in one
of those calls that he had
with him Well but let's see that seems like
something to me, you see about his life and an opinion
about it but really what I
find serious is the tweet that he sent to
me, I mean honestly
what a kick in the mouth he has all over his
face
all over his face
and he says some guy use that he will be a follower of
coi I imagine not to put this
[ __ ] on me Yes because
in fact he doesn't even follow me okay And I just
posted the tweet it says the truth is that we don't care
find out things this house
was agreed upon months ago
Find out the Street seriously
Electric I don't allow it anymore I
mean I don't allow it Electric I don't allow it anymore I
absolutely don't
allow it you give us 10 more members
family are you going to let the Stream have all the weight I mean I think right
now we could put the chat
for members only because there are more members
than I
want an audience  feel your body there are more members
than audience
Let's see what it is look
here we have aj I don't know if it was
pronounced J no there are times when life
puts you in very complicated situations
where growing up
and being strong is not an option all
people are an accumulation of successes and
mistakes and learning from them is part
of the process of life you are great
Isabela and curo and the six even more so it
really seems to me that what
that boy did was
like attractive women I mean I
tell you sincerely it seems to me that I did see
something that was outrageous and a
slap no I don't remember it seems to me that
when we were reacting there
was a slap but above all
what you look eh what I'm left
with what I'm left with So it wouldn't be very
serious because what I'm left with what
I remember about this boy the one from
Seville what he had put was that he
liked that he liked girls with a
nice ass no I mean literally not
kids who were good no
well what Juan guarnizo did was what was
a little worse
Hi Javi  happy night Greetings from
Venezuela I'm donating Beats every time I get
killed in a game
of what I'm playing and I thought of you
I hope you are very well There albertito
Well I hope they kill you a lot they're
going to funar me eh I mean and they have been they're
going to funar me a lot
Juan Juan very angry Juan and Electric
Juan well thank you
very much uncle Juan Thank you very much
How don't Funes me don't fune me that has its
context don't fune me please that
has its context everything two
complicated days the truth It has been
complicated days I wanted to talk a little with
you about certain topics that have
happened these days also about what
happened today with the creators of
Gamers and that they were going to enter koi which
were that they are isabuela and curao you know
that I share everything I can with
you and I always talk about the topics I have
read some on social networks that
as if we do not pronounce ourselves regarding
what happened in gamer I think I
notice you are a little lost because it is
true that the people who follow me know
that not only did you put a tweet that same
night but as soon as I got home from  I
did two and a half hours of live
explaining this situation So it's
true that there are people who criticism is
fine
Even the hate at some point I
can obviously understand
even if you go too far but damn
find out a little about things there are
people who hear bells and don't
even know where they are ringing So it stays
there like going around no but well it's
normal because obviously not
everyone has to have the context of
all things we are on the internet everyone has their
opinion freely we are not going to
discover Twitter this social network of the
little bird today we already know what
happens with these types of situations that one
day well someone gets beaten up that's over
and the next day well
something else has happened obviously don't talk only about the
streamer selection process although it
was the main topic because we also
got hate for more things like for example
the shirt if that doesn't seem enough to you Or you do
n't think it goes deep
enough for you Well look I
apologize and in the end I think I can't
always use the words that
everyone considers everyone not skyne
now a
streamer house related to koi has been set up  who is
with Mailén Siro and Paula and they
announced it today
and nothing good well look at the coincidences of
life it has also coincided with the
topic of Isabel there of
coincidences of life man
coincidences of life I was there that there are
three
coincidences of life
but it is not about coincidences
of life I think you have put your
foot in it
let's see even if it was a coincidence
Although it is not a coincidence
I do not think it is a coincidence eh Let's
see I am not in the offices of
koi estáining it was timing Hey I do not
forget to put this
miniature there was It was timing it was timing
[ __ ] it is that there are three in coi it is that
even if it were a coincidence the most logical thing
would have been
and the call exactly but
even if it were a coincidence imagine it is not
that this was already agreed a long time ago I would have chosen I would have
chosen
and
within the company it is not announced and
both things on the same day it
is more than evident that if you communicate
that to the three kids they will put it
on their networks it is not that I have
told him otherwise it is that he could not go
either but man
and  what a gref curo the truth is that I do
n't know when we were going to communicate this
because they were informed this
morning but the skyne video and this
house of streamers have been spoken about and agreed upon
for well it would have been four months there are
no people who have believed that we have
changed anyway I don't care
or rather on Twitter I mean
no because there was a guy who had
put me it's that you are Look here you have it It's
not that he is lost it's not that he already had
they already had an impact This doesn't
matter to me I mean they kicked a girl out
of koi for saying that she was [ __ ] I don't know
who and they put in this chick who says that no
what kicks her mouth has no I mean well it does
n't seem like the truth to me well it doesn't seem like it to me
regardless of whether it's a
coincidence or not it's a coincidence I was
fed up not one for the other This is not
true well everyone who is
in that house knows it But well And in the
end everyone can believe what they want It's
true that it coincided with both
things but what are we going to do these are
things that happen and both and her grandmother
as a priest  they wanted to communicate what
happened and that today this
morning they just told them
Oh man what the [ __ ] is happening to me
something is happening to me on the internet and I think I'm
going to [ __ ] myself eh
after no there wasn't time for
koi to release the statement that I
imagine was
going to come out this week I am
totally I am totally If you want it
makes no sense that they don't have the
statement prepared before
communicating to the kids it
makes no sense at all
I still maintain that I was going to and they
screwed up no matter how much they want to excuse themselves it's
not Google Drive that's lagging I don't
know it also happens with YouTube like a
very strange top no
I think these are things of the
well-being no and falling into the
well-being not in the nice-looking with
with brands fear of screwing up that doesn't work this
is Google Drive it happens to me
No no it's not that it's not working let's go and It's been
complicated days the truth It's been complicated days no no it's
not working Maybe it's that let's
see if I
download it surely yes no
this surely it will be that some
places must have put it recently and it's
not complete yet
Nothing happens Look at me  I'll download it in a
second
But what am I telling you, I mean, these
are fears of the songs that have been
complicated days the truth They have been
complicated days I wanted to talk a little with
you about certain topics that have
happened these days about also what
has happened today with the creators of
Gamers and that they were going to enter koi that
were that they are Isabel there is that man if they already
demonstrate From this moment that
these types of situations are bent because
the audience is always going to be with it
progressivism the do-gooderism they are
always going to be with koi and with all the companies
whoever they want or I mean yes yes
they are here with this that what
they are demonstrating with this they are
demonstrating that they are
not going to give in to all the
pressures you know we were quite
self-critical I think we wanted
the other girl not to be defamed Because I
imagine that if she is Abi's friend she will have
the same thoughts as Avi she will be
super feminist she
will be presumed guilty it is
always created before women than
men no if she is accused of something I
mean like the other girl even if she puts  that
someone has a kick in the mouth well they are
never going to funnare them Nor are they going to
cancel the other one Yes because he is saying
that there are hot chicks no no he
is not even saying it he is liking chicks
the other one is liking the one from Seville
what he did was like photos of
chicks that are uploading photos to
please men, I mean you have to
be uploading photos in sexual photos
no I
mean photos
the likes were on photos of chicks that
were uploading photos on purpose for that one for that one for
that one no I mean I
really don't understand I don't understand right? Why do
these types of situations happen
or is our intention to learn from our
mistakes? There was definitely one who
deserved it yes I think he was cured but I don't
remember what it was the truth But there are
levels of hate that
are truly impressive really and there are people
who have been hurt more than their own ass
no that they don't come in today I don't know if they
already take advantage of the context to
hit people and feel good also
today I read a guy who also has
a verified account I don't remember his
name that  people had not criticized
koi because well they have to be
invited to the evening 3 [ __ ] they have not
criticized koi man sometimes people I do
not know what type of social network is consume
or what type of social network they see But if you
think that they have not criticized us for this
selection process the mother who
gave birth to me kid to say that nobody has
criticized I see it strange I see it strange
and in fact I even see the criticism logical
eh I see it logical but to say that
nobody has said anything because I have them
because they want an invitation to the
evening 3 man I see it I see it complicated
I think that there has been a
selection process for the streamers it had not been
done well and it pisses me off because I
like to do things well and also because of
the name that our team has the
only thing I can tell you is what I said
a month ago I have asked for forgiveness I have
apologized and I have asked for forgiveness also
recognizing an error that this in some
way Well, it is not only worth an
apology but it is worth a learning that
is to say I ask for forgiveness But also
knowing that we have screwed up so much that we
are going to try and we will put all the
means  so that this never happens
again, if this does happen again,
we're going to look internally at what
happened for this to end up turning out the
way it did a month ago in
Gamer. In the end, well, with Isabella and with
Kuro, what we've decided is that no one
in this process will enter Koi because this
selection process
has been a [ __ ] disaster, I mean, that's the
reality. I mean, this selection process has
not only been done in a hurry and poorly,
but I don't know, it hasn't been done
well at any point. I thought of
several ideas. I thought about even bringing out 10
content creators so you could vote on
which of the two would enter Koi. I thought about
bringing out 15 content creators and having
people vote on which three would enter.
For weeks, I've been thinking about
how to solve this, believe me. I
mean, I had a
really bad time because I couldn't
find a solution to what had
happened. I mean, I didn't understand. How could I
solve the fact that we had done
such a bad selection process? No, I really didn't
understand the conclusion that
we reached in the end and that I reached.
Also, on a personal level, it's that this
process had to be  completely canceled
because it didn't seem fair to me for the
rest of the people who had
applied to end the
selection process this way because I believe that
the people to whom we delegated the
work of watching the videos and analyzing
all the content creators hadn't
done it well no they hadn't had
enough time
Well these are the arguments of
ibai for which it has decided to expel the
or rather iba and what it wants to tell you
Diego arrabal says
I just woke up to drink water
a question some protagonist a sin h
denied my exclusive
2 - 10 of Tuesday
September 10 I ask Good night tribe
Olga has denied
in a not very literal way let's see
Olga what she told us was on
our channel
for my beautiful Vita Thank you very much
Alexis a kiss to evita a big kiss wherever she
is we will always remember her I
think so I mean I think that what Olga did I will get it
I would consider it a bit of a
lie But well it has come to one let's
see I have here what places she
sent me two things
we have the debate
that they have had new  debate mouli and
Quesada
But I don't want mowgli to
mess it up again and then we have
Uncle South
responding to Abby let's see first
what Uncle Shure does respond to Gaby and
then we stay watching the debate of
Quesada and and mouli do you think ok
first let's see Uncle South how he
responded to Abby because Abby
threw him the other day okay look
attentive Uncle Shure is on Stream
what's his name
Thank you very much let's see have you ever thought about
playing Roblox with fans I've never played
Roblox but I hope one day the truth
because I see clips it's really funny I
already made a video for you on YouTube It doesn't fail
eh It doesn't fail It doesn't fail It doesn't
fail man let's see you don't fail it's
very funny to me It doesn't fail Let's see my daughter
What has been the gossip in this case of the
subject of I imagine it will be the
ibainefficient no it doesn't fail man of course
my daughter if there has been a controversy in that
ineffable VAT Well of course it doesn't fail it will
fail what a crappy
gossip channel no it doesn't fail  man of course how is it going to
fail it does
n't fail he says you didn't fail he
's a jerk you're a jerk nothing the comments are
[ __ ] disgusting vomit to
think about it You know that it's better if we don't see it
But it's true that I want to light a candle that
in truth I am also partly
to blame no I mean can I do something to make
this stop but I don't want more covers
not because of me my status Not because of a girl always
insults no I mean
this girl always insults and is
always missing Not my status No not because of me
because of how I am but because of the image that I
gave man that there are people who believe that it's that
I am only a cover if I am I get into
things when it is that I am the opposite
you want to sell that you are the opposite
but you are not he did not say anything bad about you I
saw it I don't know in the end it's what I
get those things first with the title
the thumbnail and then you get in the
comments even if you do not say anything bad
if you for example talk about that
person or you are going to give them
things So maybe I defended myself
a little I don't know I have not seen the video but
if you get in the comments it is
vomit So that's the answer that
give like when he made the video of
this ship And catches together what he did
is that a bunch of Peñas got involved
where they weren't called where
nothing was public and the situation got really screwed up let
me explain But well I understand
that that is His content that gives water to
live and I know that I don't dislike him either you know
man Look I was following him before the video of
together I was following him there
Electric seriously man
what the [ __ ] electrics
Electric has given away another 10 members
But I don't understand anything or I mean how
How many members are new in this 84
new members are we in this live
guys
84 new members
Come on Alexis the mod host is not an
electric moderator we have to give it to him there is no
other I mean it is
impossible not to give it to him it is that
a little more I have to give him my
channel already
84 new members today man What madness I
mean she followed Uncle
Sur's videos that she followed
Uncle Shure's videos and content until it was
her turn to be part of some gossip
touch your [ __ ] that's it
and stop talking about me I would be her best
friend if  stop talking about me I would be
her best friend
what grapefruit man what
grapefruit
at that level you only end up your own
grave it's not good you can't
be like that and I don't want to do it you know
my god he says going down to his level you
[ __ ] on his dead and I don't want to
be like that either it's like but like you don't want to
go down that level
but if you have literally insulted him
just as he entered the live he says
option 1 in full and option 2 16 minutes
I'm going to watch the 6 minute one I'm not going to see
the whole click reacting to the click let's
watch the summary
I trust your summary in places
Because also and he had some words
from me I don't think there was I don't think there was
much love in those words
please Look at Abby's channel does
super Script she clicks
spying messages from famous youtubers
Watch the first video my god karcher's mom
doesn't touch herself well let's see they are
striking
vomitous
read the cover does it seem like fanfix world I have
never taken you into account man But you are going to
take a minute or 30 seconds of
attention from the tension that you are not at
home man By  what are you not going to watch
Pocoyo's channel or YouTube Kid or the
psychiatrist I
mean you're talking about Dallas
and I don't understand what Dallas is doing here
dude literally today's live is
like the Quesada debate now We're
watching I mean no Dallas hasn't done anything
What has Dallas put you through
What has Dalas put you through to
leave you so traumatized because you're on it
every day
every day dude your channel is the one with the
laser where they
're bringing up Dallas stuff
where there isn't any I mean it's
on the chat every day Dalas that yes
Dalas that yes Dalas that yes Dalas that yes
you are the Dallas mascot but when
Dalas says this you don't dude what does that have to do with it Dalas hasn't
done anything lately no I
mean there's no content about
Dallas
what has he put you through to make you
so traumatized
dude Dallas haters have a
magical thing that I don't see in
other youtubers' haters just like mine it's
like a thing that dude let's see if I understand
if we were talking about a
Dallas gossip  Well I understand that
you're here if you're against me because I
'm agreeing with him or you don't like what I'm
saying, well, okay, but we're
talking about Abi from Uncle Sur
but also it has nothing to do with
Dallas today
but Dallas stardeo gore lingores
perrito
are terrible I understand the channels that you
follow man so I understand that those channels
that you follow have to be for people like
you traumatized man I
mean literally I do
n't know what it was Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah they
sent me
[Music]
something and I said I'm not going to give it to him it's that I'm not going to give it to him anymore I don't give a damn it's that I'm
not going to give it to him anymore I don't give a damn when it's
something funny the funny thing man but
listen to me there will
be topics and gossip man I don't have
time I don't have time
to deal with them all and the guy is hardly
uploading videos Because he's giving the I
mean he's scratching trying to scratch from
the little that we do wings and I
turboplan humiliates Javier oliveira or rather
turboplan talking about the airland and his
clip is for the little piece that
Turbo plan dedicates to me and says Turbo got
this youtuber ridicules me and  he
agrees with Javier Veira, I mean, of all the
topics there are, of
everything, of all the topics there are
in the last ones, well, almost the day
before yesterday he released two extracts
that Turbo plan, they mentioned one to me and
Edgar's video, man, man, how many topics are there,
Spring, I
don't know, I don't have time to cover them
all, man, and now the guy takes you. Look,
here you show yourself. You have the audience he
has, he
uploads an extract that is the only one that has
uploaded that is different, man, the only one that has
uploaded that is different because here he is
talking about Dallas, he is going to discover
immortality according to him, the most I don't even know
what or what he has scraped, there is
a video of the Galaxy because the fact is that he
is not doing absolutely anything, there is
nothing to put Dallas in the
title right now there is
nothing, okay And he takes and
releases a video
of Vegeta and man, that has been the
strongest thing in the me
and the guy has a thousand visits, a
thousand visits and now he puts Javi Oliveira and he
has 5 It's that I don't even pay attention to
this or
anything, they are channels that are there, they
died, you know, I mean, they are channels that
died and that  they have nothing in
fact I think we've already given him agon
made for a video because the only thing he
brings out man but [ __ ] there are topics
man there are topics
then he reads the comments and because of the
comments they are [ __ ] daughter in the
comments [ __ ] with me too
Rosa thinks it's better if we don't see it because
in the video I agree with her I
mean touch your dick man
[ __ ] the video
about her being kicked out of the event No,
I also agreed with her in the end
when I saw it in full you've already
seen it in the video
obviously I defend Aby because it
seems like a stupid case
going back to Avi now according to her
commenting on public things and rumors is
disgusting but if it's not talked about maybe they would
n't be on the internet
scavenger
and then you get into the comments
even if you don't say anything bad you're going to
give that person the image that only gets into
trouble you're
going to give that person the image that
only gets into trouble of course Then
don't talk about her okay so as not to give her that
image
touch your balls 40 minutes in which I agree with
you and I say that  obviously
people [ __ ] no I'm not giving you
an image of anything on the contrary I have
put many titles of [ __ ]
This is not a title of [ __ ]
guys karchers disapproves of auron Yes
disapproves of auron and defends Abby well he
has defended Abi now the
danasco comments Yeah man the comments are [ __ ] disgusting
I've seen them I was
reading them this morning and I said how disgusting
man can I delete the comments OK But
that's not going to stop people
from thinking about what they say or what they
write okay but the
comment has to be deleted from 20 out of 20 videos that we
upload a day but the only thing I
can do and what I can watch over is
because I say in the video No I don't want you to
delete comments I mean yes I see it okay I will
delete that I have to
delete okay what I do here comment
what happens next what comes here are
people who have an opinion you know that I do
n't like the comments at all I
repeat again but this this is not my
opinion you know okay what I do here
comment what happens next  what comes
here are people who give their opinion you know that the
comments do not bright heart kisses
Hilary well I repeat but this
this is not my opinion That is the opinion
of people who are watching a video in which
you are being defended I did not know
much about the skillful girl but I have seen
that many people for a long time say
that the girls are problematic and I am starting to agree with them
because it gives the impression
that she is toxic carcha rarely got
involved in things and since she is
with Aby she has gotten into a couple of
problems related to her that
comment may not use Abby and
may not use the karcher now carcher
rarely got involved in things and
since she is with Aby she has gotten into
a couple of problems it
smells a little to me so good and polite that they
looked frosted always away from
controversy he responded calmly now it
is as if he were another person I think
the comments are ripe where they
come from no I do
not know where they come from but come on they are
completely truthful comments I do not
carcho since he was with Aby he moved away
from the auron group until he left  planted
the little group of Beijing and River when they
once limited Valorant if you don't know
where those comments come from your
comment is not from my community they are
ripe Where do they come from okay maybe I was
defending myself a little I don't know I haven't
seen the video but if you get into the
comments it's vomitous Then I
tell you in a good way eh boy I have
nothing with Abi yes I tell you the truth it
bothered me it bothered me quite a bit but
quite a comment the other day from free
okay I can agree more less
agree with Aby I may find
one more thing she says fine but you won't
see me here deliberately if you are an
[ __ ] You know why it is not my way
of such a thing that she has done
okay comments have something in common
that is evident okay And the
anger is not with Aby fado it is with the fact that
carches is currently not the same as
before and his comments are
unidirectional I mean they only
come from one direction when he made the
video together what he did is that a
lot of Peñas got into where they didn't
where nothing was public and  that
really screwed up the situation let's check
this video because I have it here okay
And I think that and I think the thumbnail was It
was something like new ship or something like that and
this photo from the premiere okay which
they showed up together Javi
saying in his public live Hey I
have one I have a Crash that's crazy I don't know
what it is that brings me happiness obviously and It's
evident that you're going to generate
a lot of curiosity in the after I was
super interested in people talking and
speculating about her and
carches I mean she was super
interested in speculating about that
and she played into her story and her
bad things the gossip channel because since
Ander doesn't watch it people don't it's not his fault it's not his
fault from the south that he can be
hypocritical guys I wasn't at the
premiere eh I can understand that you're saying
[ __ ] man it gives me a hard time to the south I
understand that it may bother you what do I
know about life But what do I know
about Abby in the after of the Premier
now and I started watching those mentioned here
at the premiere gala of the
Rubius cartes series and Abby  together at the
Premier there was a tiktok with a ton a ton a
ton a ton a ton a ton a ton a ton of views
that were talking about that topic you know they were
people who joined the keys joined the
dots joined issues and ended up spinning
that you were together people who
started to investigate our
own fandoms the most who were the first to
start
investigating and then you also have people
from tiktok and other sites who
ended up spinning spinning spinning the thing about
Frida Kahlo's socks
Well yes I understand he says no it's that you've
also made videos Yes man I have
made videos obviously I have part of the
responsibility that people know
things but I'm not the one who talks about
private things in the premiere what they
give you the final raise of the month they throw away the bits
and they see you those are the same people who
investigate them to find out who
your partner is behind the cameras and you let them
talk about me
man don't take that they appear on my channel
as if it were something personal in the end I talk
about what is most in demand I would be his
best friend but then churro don't say that he
doesn't want it to become  this is a
save me that you don't talk about
private life I don't know that we don't talk about the
things that are speculated about the rolletitos
and the little things What happens is that you don't
deny nonsense after I mean in
this I am with the south totally
against Abby is saying
nonsense Javi but then the south also gets well
so that they don't
cancel it the Guay understands me I mean yes
literally what we do Is speculate
about ships And that in the end is part of
their life too that we do it because
they make it public or because they play
with it yes of course but let's not deny it I
can't believe that you have given another
five members I already really I mean
electris has given today like 100 members
between electrics and Juan today is like 100
members
Electric I'm going to give you the channel I
think directly no there is no other way to
thank you guys what do you
think it's
going with the ass out the Electric but it's that we
have nothing else to
thank him for
the new subs are obligated to give
like man but it's that I literally
think not  I know let's see there are almost 100
notes a New today let's see I'm going to look at it
or rather literally Today we are
89 new members
89 new members guys
Wow I understand that deep down
Abby doesn't dislike me I know that she followed me and I know
that she advertises my videos but it's that
sometimes people make mistakes and they think that
their biggest enemy is the channel it's the seo
that talks about the topics for example this
comment it really pisses me off
Gerar Romero the year he's had has been
spectacular I
mean he's always insulting the aunt no Juan
seriously I don't believe it but okay he gets
angry But anyway I'm here and I
touched myself it slightly touched my [ __ ] while
you guys get angry
because I just don't understand this anymore I just
don't understand this anymore I mean
really I just don't
understand this Today we can't do it this
week we can't spend a night
being Legos or anything because Look
tomorrow I have to get the car ready to have it
checked properly
because the day after tomorrow I have many
hours on the road I have like 10 11
hours of  road
you know then We can't do and on
Friday I have a program with Marina
Maybe we could do something on Friday or
Saturday you understand if
you want we
want a mini no no but it's that no I can't I can't we can't
king they've
screwed us man they always report me
on the other side of Spain
he's a [ __ ] [ __ ] Well nothing
This is [ __ ] [ __ ] you know or
rather but it's that in the end
they always insult no I mean all those who
criticize and what and what then they
condemn you because Oh it's that your
toxicity that you I don't know what if in the end they
are the ones who insult the most those who mark
slander and those who go around injuring no this
the truth is that it seems absolutely
gratuitous to me because it's not to say well you have a
dispute you have a conflict no no
for free for free I don't
know it's that I don't know what you think
dude
if it were the other way around what would happen guys What would happen
if it were the other way around what Well nothing
this guy that the screen Would be well
there you see have you seen in life anyway
guys I
shouldn't have put myself in this part
places you
shouldn't have  I've got this part in, I'll
do it,
guys, it's 3:25, I can't watch, I
can't watch the
Quesada live and the debate, although I have it
summarized here to watch it tomorrow,
but I can't because it would be 5 in
the morning reacting to that and I have to
upload the excerpts, I have to, I have to have
dinner, because today I didn't have dinner because
I went from the meeting to Teresa, gossip,
Teresa's here and I have to have dinner and I'm
fainted, I can't and in the meantime, well, I'm
going to leave the excerpts uploaded from the
live with Marina to teles, gossip, we
just made 100 new members
today,
101 because I'm seeing that Letizia has
donated to five other guys, it doesn't make sense
100 101 new members in this live,
man, I'm
sorry, member, man, I'm
sorry, a member, I have no word for
it, let's leave it for tomorrow, all this, okay,
maybe I'll put on after lunch,
others to see These are another five
Electric, but you have infinite money, I don't
understand this anymore, I don't
understand this Electric, but this,
this is already infinite money or how is it, it
can't be, it can't be, this is some
bug no
seriously dude I
mean but this is a bug no
[ __ ] way dude Thank you so much I don't have
words to thank you for the support you
give to the Channel Hey by the way on Twitch
we are also growing a little bit eh From
what I see eh I am seeing that
lately we are more look right now
there are 300 and some viewers
300 and some viewers dude
not bat not bad not
bad not bad not
bad
eye like eye if they invited me to
the squid games
Thank you so much to all of you if they
invited me to the
squid games they haven't told me anything yet
The only thing they have asked me for is a
form and such watch out
because there we will give a rise to
Twitch
watch out that there we will give a little
growth tweet surely
coming week Gaming on Twitch they have not
invited me yet eh They have not told me
anything I don't know is there someone who has
invited
is someone who has already said Hey they
have confirmed me and that I am in The squid games
apart from Ari Gameplay they
are still in
official deliberations there is no ok ok ok let's
see I understand I understand that
[Music]
Javi you're in the discord group you
should know in the disco group
nothing more than Chale is talking
being a pain in the ass that if they are going to call him or
not I
swear in the disco group
nobody talks anymore that group is from last year
and I understand Let's see I'm going to join come on
nothing Charly saying they are not going to
include us or not I
understand that he will make a new group
because in the form they asked for the
group
or rather they asked for the group they did not ask for the
username of the username of I'll tell you the
discord username family I'm leaving no I'm not
saying anything else I'm not saying anything else other than
that I have to go I'm going to upload the
excerpts And tomorrow I have to do
some things
maybe tomorrow what we will do is
after lunch
come here to be direct and react
to the debate And we have a special excerpt
of the debate okay it
depends on the support that this live has a
kiss family A kiss family
rest thank you very much to everyone
for the huge support that you have
given to this live
120 almost new members I think it
makes no sense this I think it's [ __ ]
crazy I don't know what  What level the
members were, let's see, it does
n't say it, I don't
know what level the members were,
my weapon, my weapon has given away, you have
given away 110 members of my weapon, 120
members of my weapon, today you can
rest, family,
until tomorrow
[Music]